staying-in-touch-with-someone-in-prison/index.md, before:

---
layout: govuk
title: Sending money to a prisoner
subheader: 4. Sending money
breadcrumbs:
  - Home: https://www.gov.uk/
  - Crime, justice and the law: https://www.gov.uk/browse/justice
  - Prisons and probation: https://www.gov.uk/browse/justice/prisons-probation
related:
  title: Prisons and probation
  links:
  - Support for families and friends of prisoners: https://www.gov.uk/support-for-families-friends-of-prisoners
  - Prison life: https://www.gov.uk/life-in-prison
  - Find a prison: https://www.gov.uk/find-prisoner
  more: https://www.gov.uk/browse/justice/prisons-probation
previous:
  text: Banned items
  link: http://www.gov.uk/staying-in-touch-with-someone-in-prison/banned-items
next:
  text: Visiting someone in prison
  link: http://www.gov.uk/staying-in-touch-with-someone-in-prison/visiting-someone-in-prison
---

You can use your bank account to send money to a prisoner. You'll need:

1. a payment reference to identify the prisoner
2. the prison service bank account and sort code

## Payment reference

Use the:

- Prisoner number
- Prisoner date of birth

If you don’t know the prisoner number, the prisoner will be able to tell you what it is.

_**An example of how to write the payment reference**_

<ul class="reference">
  <li>
    <p>If the prisoner number is:</p>
    <strong>A1234JG</strong>
  </li>
  <li>
    <i class="plus"></i>
  </li>
  <li>
    <p>And their date of birth is:</p>
    <strong>10 January 1959</strong>
  </li>
  <li>
    <i class="arrow"></i>
  </li>
  <li>
    <p>You'd write:</p>
    <strong>A1234JG 10/01/1959</strong>
  </li>
</ul>

Bank details

All public prisons in England and Wales use the same bank account to receive money sent to prisoners. Make a payment using these details:

The prison service account number `48301337`

The prison service sort code `45-50-55`

The money should arrive in the prisoner’s account in 1 working day.

If you have any questions about how to make a payment you should contact your bank or building society.

## Sending money from outside the UK

You can use all the same details to make a payment outside the UK, plus these details:

Swift / BIC code
`NOMSGB22`

## Send a cheque, postal order or cash

Make sure the cheque is written out to ‘NOMS Agency’. Send cheques, postal orders and cash in an envelope addressed to the governor of the prison. Your letter should include:

- your name and address
- the prisoner’s name and prison number  

The money is then paid into their prison account - a basic cash account they can use to send and receive money.

Privately-run prisons

Contact the prison directly if you want to send money to someone in a privately-run prison.

Commit message:

Add optional jumplinks `govuk` layout

staying-in-touch-with-someone-in-prison/index.md, after:

---
layout: govuk
title: Sending money to a prisoner
subheader: 4. Sending money
breadcrumbs:
  - Home: https://www.gov.uk/
  - Crime, justice and the law: https://www.gov.uk/browse/justice
  - Prisons and probation: https://www.gov.uk/browse/justice/prisons-probation
jumplinks:
  - Letters and telephone calls: https://www.gov.uk/
  - The internet and social media: https://www.gov.uk/
  - Banned items: https://www.gov.uk/
  - Sending money:
  - Visiting someone in prison: https://www.gov.uk/
  - Get help with travel costs to prison: https://www.gov.uk/
related:
  title: Prisons and probation
  links:
    - Support for families and friends of prisoners: https://www.gov.uk/support-for-families-friends-of-prisoners
    - Prison life: https://www.gov.uk/life-in-prison
    - Find a prison: https://www.gov.uk/find-prisoner
  more: https://www.gov.uk/browse/justice/prisons-probation
previous:
  text: Banned items
  link: http://www.gov.uk/staying-in-touch-with-someone-in-prison/banned-items
next:
  text: Visiting someone in prison
  link: http://www.gov.uk/staying-in-touch-with-someone-in-prison/visiting-someone-in-prison
---

You can use your bank account to send money to a prisoner. You'll need:

1. a payment reference to identify the prisoner
2. the prison service bank account and sort code

## Payment reference

Use the:

- Prisoner number
- Prisoner date of birth

If you don’t know the prisoner number, the prisoner will be able to tell you what it is.

_**An example of how to write the payment reference**_

<ul class="reference">
  <li>
    <p>If the prisoner number is:</p>
    <strong>A1234JG</strong>
  </li>
  <li>
    <i class="plus"></i>
  </li>
  <li>
    <p>And their date of birth is:</p>
    <strong>10 January 1959</strong>
  </li>
  <li>
    <i class="arrow"></i>
  </li>
  <li>
    <p>You'd write:</p>
    <strong>A1234JG 10/01/1959</strong>
  </li>
</ul>

Bank details

All public prisons in England and Wales use the same bank account to receive money sent to prisoners. Make a payment using these details:

The prison service account number `48301337`

The prison service sort code `45-50-55`

The money should arrive in the prisoner’s account in 1 working day.

If you have any questions about how to make a payment you should contact your bank or building society.

## Sending money from outside the UK

You can use all the same details to make a payment outside the UK, plus these details:

Swift / BIC code
`NOMSGB22`

## Send a cheque, postal order or cash

Make sure the cheque is written out to ‘NOMS Agency’. Send cheques, postal orders and cash in an envelope addressed to the governor of the prison. Your letter should include:

- your name and address
- the prisoner’s name and prison number  

The money is then paid into their prison account - a basic cash account they can use to send and receive money.

Privately-run prisons

Contact the prison directly if you want to send money to someone in a privately-run prison.
